hey there this is Josh welcome back to
let's game it out we're checking out
Tropico 6 today
Tropico 6 being the 6 entry in the
long-running city building series where
you get to take on the role of a
dictator and do stuff like apparently
steal the Statue of Liberty attempt to
launch things into orbit and it looks
like harness nuclear power this video is
actually sponsored by Calypso media that
publishes Tropico because of their
support I'm able to do more of what I
like to do which is play games kind of
weird and kind of wrong and Tropico 6
honestly is gonna be no different so if
you like what you see in this video and
you want to learn more the link you're
looking for is in the description again
clip so thank you for your support
I'm sorry in advance for how I play your
game first things first let's customize
our guy okay so here's El Presidente
it's a nice suit but let's see if we can
do something that's a little more yeah
that's almost there here we go Hawaiian
tourists I love it to make it a nice
pink you could just see the look of
disdain on his face already and you know
that hats just not working anymore
there we go that's the leader of a
country for you God every step of the
way this is getting better and better
what do you even look like without
sunglasses on dead inside got it well in
that case you probably won't mind these
heart glasses will you nope no you will
not here's our leaders cut off smoking
the ganja and ready to rule a nation now
that we've got our dictator all sorted
out let's go right into sandbox so in
previous tropical games I believe you
built your city on an island and Tropico
six they've introduced multiple islands
or archipelagos as it were we're gonna
go with good old-fashioned random I'm
glad there's a volcano setting and more
than that I love that the three options
are disabled enabled and random let's go
with enabled I need that volcano and
over here for the starting era we're
gonna start all the way back at the
beginning with colonial times and we'll
just work our way up
and of course disasters at maximum ok
the map randomization has not let me
down here's our capital building and
just right over yonder is a volcano you
may notice some of these on-screen
prompts by the way that's because I'm
playing the entire game of the
controller the reason being is we're
gonna showcase how the game handles with
a controller because while Tropico 6 has
been out on PC for a little while now it
more recently released on consoles and
plays just as smoothly with a controller
as it would a mouse in keyboard oh
colonial-era you were so quaint all the
dudes bearded and walking around with
their shirts off you sure this isn't
modern times so moving away from our
island
see what we got the hell is this oh well
of course my very own ruins okay so
where should we begin and just like
magic we have a revolutionary demand
from Sophia Ortega build Chapel I mean
yes sure I don't have a problem with
that chapels I believe are under public
services here there they are Chapel
you know they demanded a chapel they
didn't tell me where I had to put it
though and that's why we're gonna put it
all the way over here and on top of this
hill yeah yeah that's what's gonna
happen there's a lot of different crap
we can build and you'll notice some of
it is hard locked behind the era so we
gotta wait till the world wars come
around and then eventually the Cold War
and then modern time so we've got like
resource management like harvesting
stuff we've got industry stuff where we
take the resources we got and turned it
into something else
we of course need to make housing for
our people and then we've got what I
think are the really interesting ones
which is whole bunch of stuff we don't
really need like the circus and luxury
entertainment and the only two options
right now are theater an opera house as
you can see as the arrows move on this
stuff starts to get real fancy snorkle
Bay hang gliding Museum of Modern Art
you got stuff like education and tourism
but most of that stuff appears to be
locked until future eras can't believe
I'm saying this but I cannot wait for
the Cold War you know we can build right
now though a dungeon well don't mind if
I do
I just slap these right on top of the
shantytown yep you sure can can you
imagine being this house just like yeah
you know my front door it just exists
right here yeah I don't feel safe it's
okay though how it's Sophia again what
do you got for me a secret request to
produce corn is it a pop secret request
uh fine you can have your corn okay to
make corn we got to put down this giant
ass plantation we're gonna put it like
that like it's attacking from the
southeast crushing some of these houses
okay there we go
delicious corn you're welcome oh and
that little icon there means we need to
attach it to a road which once again
we're just gonna run this right through
some buildings let's just give the
people what they want wait I can make
the road cross through my own corn I
just put down okay Road looks good looks
like some kind of alien crop circle
here's the crazy thing about Tropico by
the way you can look up the shack you
can see who the residents are and then
you can find out more about not just
them but their family lineage and then
if you have a dungeon you can have the
morale
did sorry alejandro you're literally my
example for this one welp there's
alejandro of his own accord marching to
the jail cell and there he goes never to
be seen again is something sinister
happening right there wait no are you
communicating with that clone of you
over there oh just stretching okay is
this just how you communicate you just
wave your arms at each other and they
really knew how to communicate back then
didn't they anyway back to the shacks I
like how these options somehow bribe and
institutionalize seemed the least
damning alright Mikael age 32 unemployed
I'm sorry to do this to you but you're
our testbed for what happens if I try to
kill you
this poor guy he's just standing out
here and now he's got a bull's-eye over
his head you know things seem pretty
normal for him all things considered I
mean except for the part where everyone
else is going about their lives and he's
just kind of staring into the corner of
something nope I think this is it and
there he goes didn't even try to hide it
just killed him in plain sight Oh
colonial times okay I found the person
in our city with the world's worst job
it's definitely this guy he's basically
a colonial-era semi truck and unlike
everybody on foot he's got to go down
this entire stretch of road there comes
to fiy again with more requests which
I'm inclined to fulfill especially
because this time she wants a pirate
Cove oh my god it is literally a pirate
Cove what can we do with this building
anyway open raid screen alright let's
get some missions going here first I
need you guys to loot some bananas and
then when you're done with that go ahead
and steal Stonehenge yes heist in
progress I'm sure no what I just
realized we can select our guy he's just
out here in the open right now for some
reason I already forgot he looks like
this it's colonial times and this guy is
the ruler well we did it it's time to
declare our independence which we could
do with payment but we all know we're
gonna do it with war oh look here they
come eat guys that's how you brought to
fight I love this commando stuff they're
doing shooting a tree and a bunch of
lumber truly these are the end times
like what's the plan with this guy is he
covertly just blowing away that Shack
okay I guess I should do something to
stop them should have just paid them see
there we go oh never mind it's going
down in the most cartoony way possible
yay we did it our colony is our own
behold the world wars now we've got some
new stuff that we have to figure out
like voting rights what seems the most
unfair only wealthy citizens can fo
Armed Forces a let's go pacifist no way
am I gonna regret that okay so here we
are in the Great War choose a side huh
yeah just add that to my iCal we'll get
to it sometime oh my God look at all
this stuff that's available now at a
nickel garden bun Fair peer restaurant
cabaret I think it's time to finally get
into the entertainment business starting
with the funnest pier on earth that
we're gonna put right next to this super
secret pirate den do you think the
covert Pirates are gonna be okay with
this so let's just kind of get past the
last great war move on to something with
a little more espionage and by that I
mean even better entertainment options
and to do that we're gonna have to make
a superpower alliance and to do that
we're gonna need an embassy a smart
person would probably place it right
over here somewhere but that space is
clearly reserved for these shacks
besides I'd rather put it in this barren
desert across the way okay so we'll just
place an embassy just right here let's
also build a bridge straight across and
then it's smooth sailing to the embassy
oh is this bouken to clear this let's go
with kinda now we can build our embassy
and just so they feel nice and welcomed
we're gonna tastefully surround the
whole thing in dungeons
nothing says trusted alliance like a
bunch of prisons surrounding you but you
put your house right here I get the idea
of being close to work but not that
close to work okay who should we invite
we're gonna go with the allies because
for some reason we have insider future
information that they win but let's make
sure to show the Allies that we're also
very fun after all how many embassies
have a circus right behind it not many I
can tell you that much you know I
couldn't help but notice looking at our
overall happiness here people don't seem
to be nearly as happy as they used to be
you know what these people need more
entertainment and by that I mean a
circus or two or three in fact circus is
all around have fun trying to sleep when
the circus is right outside your bedroom
door you know what I forgot about again
just look at this dumpster fire imagine
seriously if this was your leader where
does he go anyway let's see Oh to the
circus of course silly me also what is
he doing here man the 1910s were a crazy
time oh my god here's the Allies demand
they want to cap Rainier the embassy
hell yes I can
do that I mean hell why stop at one f3
demand completed allies are back they
want a barracks near the embassy fine
but we might have to move art what the
hell is this oh how cute are you three
having a protest but if I just destroy
the building in front of your very eyes
will that solve all your woes can you
imagine if you're protesting all of a
sudden the building just sinks into the
ground well they're still here actively
protesting this person's house and I put
this barracks like right on top of them
oh good they're protesting continues
meanwhile a relationship with the Allies
is now a stunning 93 percent time to
request an alliance more work
can we just be allies but not contribute
right this one's not so bad we just need
to establish a commando garrison
sabotage the Axis powers four whole
times not expel our new friends from the
embassy a reward though we become
besties so first the easy part
establishing a commando garrison which
I'm gonna wedge right between two of the
cabaret buildings and just for ultimate
irony we're gonna hire foreign workers
to work here not a single Patriot works
here now do i sabotage the access powers
do I steal the Eiffel Tower
okay Eiffel Tower first and then
sabotage the access powers I feel good
about that order of operations you know
what I do like about playing with the
controller you can do like smooth
panning better wait a minute what the
hell is this put down a power plant it's
under attack oh no the Axis powers are
here and they brought four whole troops
you see that guy in the background he's
like what time to go to work oh the hell
with this I wonder if we can contain
these people with like a building like
if I just build this parking garage like
right on top of you guys they seem
pretty unperturbed screw it pacifist
state isn't working local militia all
the way
okay crisis averted all it took was
fundamentally changing our constitution
the Allies finally love us set phasers
to Friendship let's go on to the next
big war you know the Cold War looks kind
of like the world wars no wait I take it
back look how modern these shacks look
now these are like tiny homes that
people would pay for for real now oh you
know what else I didn't realize you can
customize your palace well shiver me
timbers let's make it look as stupid as
we can starting with the positioning of
the garden I guess and we're gonna
choose this one because it's grossly
asymmetrical God why does it allow me to
do this
my eyes my retinas no likey I love that
for window style just like all these
normal selections and there's barricaded
windows of course I'm going with those
looking great well now that we've got
that abomination what do you think El
Presidente I love that whenever I go
locate El Presidente he's literally just
wandering around so what are we hoping
to accomplish here in the Cold War
investigate our new leisure options of
course
look at this things are really kicking
up a notch arcades fast-food joints
movie theaters and that's not all
casinos golf courses pretty much our
entire tourists button has opened up I
mean look at all this stuff a tourist
port
each villas souvenir shops and then it
gets a little weird ancient ruins ethnic
Enclave what I'm trying to say is it's
time for us to become a tourist
destination far away from that though in
fact I would say this island over here
looks perfect for it so to move on from
the Cold War to modern times we've got
ourselves a couple of options here which
perfect this aligns with our goals just
fine five hundred tourists that's gonna
be easy
so first let's get this road going just
right across the way the first
destination on our scenic tour is gonna
be these ruins obviously I think I can
just let's see if I select ancient ruins
you just put your tourist trap right on
top of it oh yeah just like in ancient
times I'm sure it's gonna take a lot out
of you to visit those ruins we're gonna
put a fast-food joint right across the
street and all its natural beauty
and then as we continue on our grand
tour of the island we're gonna take you
all the way into this dead end where you
can experience the most beautiful scenic
outlook you've ever seen that overlooks
absolutely nothing what could these
little info placard things even say
sorry we don't have any interesting
facts management just kind of built this
here actually I take it back it's gonna
have something to look at this beautiful
tunnel entrance which will take you
right over onto the other side of this
mountain and this lovely road is what
takes you to not one souvenir shop but
26 of them and the moment I place these
buildings all of these little shacks
just showed up our landscape is so
beautiful and once you get past that
consumer hell naturally the next thing
on your destination is gonna be an
asylum does it make that noise which
right next to it we're gonna put the
hottest club in all of Tropico oh but
don't worry your journey doesn't stop
there just keep following the road and
you will be rewarded where you can
finally kick back and relax at your
beautiful resort by the beach right next
to a nuclear power plant don't forget to
visit the souvenir shop right outside
either oh and also don't forget if you
want to drop the kids off there's an
arcade right behind it but hey the
adventure doesn't have to stop here
there's a whole second island we can go
to which is home to our most prestigious
golf course and our mausoleum and also
not one not two but three garbage dumps
but be sure to visit our beautiful
gourmet restaurant located right behind
it just look at these scenic views see
if you somehow made it this far you can
take this road through another magical
tunnel that actually exits right next to
it but then that one goes into another
tunnel which pops you out along the
beach like a sewer pipe for the road
curves into the ocean for reasons I
couldn't tell you and at long last you
finally get to enjoy Stonehenge under
the watchful eye of this aircraft
carrier don't worry they're just here to
watch over the monument and your
tomfoolery also don't forget to buy a
souvenir and then when you're done maybe
go by the casino too I would also stay
at the hotel over here okay well that's
plenty horrible and to make sure this
all works you got to put down the
tourist port which naturally we're gonna
put right near that super-secret pirate
Cove in fact let's put two of them I
want to make sure we get as many
tourists as possible why stop putting
your garbage there we should also
probably assume that these people aren't
gonna have cars so let's set up a seer
a bus is forum K let's see place
starting bus stop which is clearly gonna
be right here right outside the two
docks and for our ending bus stop wait
can I just place it right next to it
over here yeah perfect I think we're
ready to go come on
tourists oh my god here they come
welcome to Tropico get ready for the
trip of a lifetime no you don't want to
take the bus you just want to walk there
yourself well I mean you do you these
people have been walking for months in
in game time I didn't anticipate any of
this
oh hey also my nuclear power plants on
fire thankfully these people are able to
check into their cabanas I think that
these people are more committed to their
vacation than I've been more committed
to anything in my life
they walked all the way here from
another island and they saw that there
was one a nuclear power plant and two
it's on fire and they're like look we
came to have a good time and we're gonna
have it the good news is the buses are
working and it's fantastic first you
wait for the bus bus comes to pick you
up go ahead and get on board and then
get ready to reach your destination
everybody off and the buses all day
let's just go all in on this tourism
thing now we've got 18 of these ports oh
yeah now we're talking oh my god they
just keep coming okay well you know what
this is gonna lead to more tourism docks
please god yes so many boats tourism at
its finest we're also gonna build this
building called a spy Academy and we got
this thing for one simple reason because
we can steal the Statue of Liberty and
so of course we're going to well I'm
sure comes as no surprise but we managed
to reach our goal of all that tourism
which means now we progress to modern
times we did it without establishing any
diplomatic relations so what are we get
in the modern era I'll tell you what we
get airports just fit these airports as
closely together as you can and let's
not forget these beautiful islands we
never even touched all that untouched
land is just crying out for airports
yeah that seems like plenty of airports
right it's just a mere hundred and
fifteen airports or really who's
counting hopefully the air traffic
controllers that have to deal with all
this there's so many planes in the air
oh but we're not done spurring tourism
look at all this untapped Beach perfect
for some tourist ports
now there's docks on every shore
possible for a grand total of a hundred
and three
doxa who's counting really actually this
onslaught of boats is probably counting
oh my god they're just coming from
everywhere now everywhere you look
there's just boats and planes
this can't be a safe maneuver can it oh
you know what I forgot to do put down
the Statue of Liberty I'm sure this is
what Lady Liberty was meant to stand for
welp I think we've done about as much
damage as we can do here lipsti thank
you again for sponsoring this video
Tropico six is not just out on PC back
on sole as well got to be honest playing
with a controller worked out quite well
if you want to check out the game
yourself head on down and click the link
below and you too can build a society
with tons of planes tossing near misses
before landing safely on a runway so as
always hope you had fun I know I did and
I'll see you next time
[Applause]